and talk guys every time you guys
good
look here with another video does not sit and
here today to talk about the event
repeated here completed allen né
but in this profile I saw the game
at this moment I do not have the event beyond
complete yet, then I got my
profile will say without reservation is because
I got a reservation because I did not
I want to lose jewelry and time with
original profile
You're so there just to win the same things.
So let's talk little by little to go to
you how to make it right
initially you need to battle
in tournaments we have seven battles to then
you will choose the dragons that
You want to fight
I chose here one that I'm cloth
Even and lucky, but I got lucky.
because it is a pure darkness
the damage will not be so high for more than
he attacked before because now I can
retaliate with the critic in our darkness
team is strong, I'm not even going to leave a
list of the dragons that I am facing
in the description of this video so that you
can also be easily
Winning this page works
the second is the baby aliens that you
You have to create it, so I'll put it here.
to procreate something here and I go
put something I know there face that
try to create something different so thief
mirror
and here the wind dragon can be good is
How long I one day 15 hours legal
I really liked it
and here we go, let me put even
here to opt for two other legendary
that is left undoubtedly
is the bank and iris gd well out
here 12 hours is enough there to
to win baby alex né
come on beauty here we have to
invite new friends then invite
five new friends will click here
this screen appears again invite
only people who do not play yet
can accept
okay so it's a pretty boring thing and
What am I doing with profile?
reservation because this piece here I do not
I'll invite nobody to stay
pissing people
I'll just buy it for joyce.
Right then and there, win every day.
will collect that every 12 hours
one of these arminhas here are well some
It sure is get on the farm got in the
farm we collect there collect a
little bit of food realize that there are
alien disquinhos out of time
when is it is this we are planting the
farms are going up here
according to what we plant
remembering that the larger the quantity
of food that comes bigger will be the number
It was climbing here very well and we have
What to do 15 we have six days to
do this and here the harder the more
annoying but fuck all the challenges
To play this here, then, everyone, by
keyboard are you going to start this?
O here so people can pay attention to
you do not have to pick up anything that
hold good not only're only as
going from level to level
As you go from level to
much more difficult because it accelerates
Too many then in these six days has the
then pass if you miss a purchase in
set is already right and how is it going
be the dragons here the dragon there you
with 40 points to appear there and with
48 points the dragon martin was then the
I will try to do the most
here can be obtained from the
event, that's when I get the
possible things is as follows
I'll be back with a video continuation .
showing final where the gain 2 beauty
my people then any doubt about
this video is in the description
in detail what you should do
beauty is this
a great arm all 16 when
spoke in another video with more dragon
seat for you here on the channel repeaters
and do not forget your support is the biggest
fuel for our channel then
You liked this video, you help them.
clicking here as I liked it
if you do not like this video click
down where it shows right at this moment
and if you want more videos and know
everything that rolls here in the channel do not let
to sign up for us
accompany a great hug to all
six and even a new video here of the channel
independent